4
1000
Polina is a Russian feminine given name. It is sometimes a short form of the name Apollinaria, a feminine form of the 

ancient Greek name Apollinaris, a name derived from the god Apollo.[1][2] Apollinaris is the name of several ancient 

Christian saints.

Polina could also be seen as a variant spelling of the name Paulina, a feminine form of the name Paul. Polina was the 

second most popular name given to baby girls born in Moscow, Russia in 2007.[3]

Polina Astakhova - a Soviet/Ukrainian gymnast
Polina Chernyshova - Russian theater and film actress
Polina Edmunds - a U.S. figure skater
Polina Gagarina - a Russian singer
Polina Gelman - Soviet Air Force pilot
Polina Kalsina - Russian cross-country skier
Polina Khonina - Russian gymnast
Polina Kostiukovich - Russian skater
Polina Kouklina - a Russian fashion model
Polina Misailidou - a Greek singer
Polina Popova - Miss Russia 2017
Polina Semionova - a classical ballet dancer
Polina Seronosova - Belarusian cross-country skier
Polina Shelepen - Russian figure skater
Polina Shmatko - Russian rhythmic gymnast
Polina Tkach - Ukrainian model and beauty pageant titleholder
Polina Tsurskaya - Russian figure skater
2000
Michael is a masculine given name that comes derived from the question, meaning "Who is like God?".[1]

Patronymic surnames that come from Michael include Carmichael, DiMichele, MacMichael, McMichael, Michaels, Micallef, 

Michaelson, Michels, Mihaly, Mikeladze, Mikhaylov, Mikkelsen, Mitchell and Mykhaylenko.

The name first appears in the Hebrew Bible in the Book of Numbers, 13:13 where Sethur the son of Michael is one of 12 

spies sent into the Land of Canaan.

Michael features in the Book of Daniel 12:1, as the archangel in romanization, and in the Islamic Quran as Mikaeel. He 

is considered a saint (a creature noted for exceptional holiness) by the Roman Catholic Church, the Oriental Orthodox 

Church, and the Eastern Orthodox Church. For the Roman Catholic Church, 29 September is the feast day of the three 

archangels: Michael, Gabriel and Raphael. For the Orthodox Church, 8 November is the feast day commemorating the 

archangels Michael and Gabriel, as well as the whole host of angels, while the Monday of each liturgical week likewise 

corresponds to the "Bodiless Powers", For Coptic Orthodox Church, main feast day in 12 Hathor and 12 Paoni, and every 

day 12 of every Coptic month.
3000
Dmitry, transliterated from Russian as Dmitrii; Church Slavic form: Dimitry or Dimitri; ancient Russian forms: D'mitr

(iy) or Dmitr (13h-14th centuries are: Mit, Mitya, Mityay, Mit'ka or Miten'ka; from the 20th century (originated from 

the Church Slavic form) are: Dima, Dimka, Dimochka, Dimulya, Dimusha etc.

Dmitry is one of the most popular names in Russia. The statistics shows that for five months in the period from March 

16 to August 16 in 2005 in Moscow: 1390 boys were named Alexander, 1087 Maksim, 1085 Nikita, 1070 Ivan, 867 Dmitry.

[citation needed]
4000
A mother is the female parent of a child. Mothers are women who inhabit or perform the role of bearing some relation to 

their children, who may or may not be their biological offspring. Thus, dependent on the context, women can be 

considered mothers by virtue of having given birth, by raising their child(ren), supplying their ovum for 

fertilisation, or some combination thereof. Such conditions provide a way of delineating the concept of motherhood, or 

the state of being a mother. Women who meet the third and first categories usually fall under the terms 'birth mother' 

or 'biological mother', regardless of whether the individual in question goes on to parent their child. Accordingly, a 

woman who meets only the second condition may be considered an adoptive mother, and those who meet only the third a 

surrogacy mother.

The above concepts defining the role of mother are neither exhaustive nor universal, as any definition of 'mother' may 

vary based on how social, cultural, and religious roles are defined. The parallel conditions and terms for males: those 

who are (typically biologically) fathers do not, by definition, take up the role of fatherhood. Mother and fatherhood 

are not limited to those who are or have parented. Women who are pregnant may be referred to as expectant mothers or 

mothers-to-be, though such applications tend to be less readily applied to (biological) fathers or adoptive parents.

[1][2]
